reddit Inc.

Common Public Attribution License Version 1.0 (CPAL)

1. "Definitions"

1.0.1 "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the Covered Code
    available to a third party.

1.1 "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation
  of Modifications.

1.2 "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior
  Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that
  particular Contributor.

1.3 "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination
  of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions
  thereof.

1.4 "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in
  the software development community for the electronic transfer of data.

1.5 "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code.

1.6 "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial
  Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A.

1.7 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof
  with code not governed by the terms of this License.

1.8 "License" means this document.

1.8.1 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent
    possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired,
    any and all of the rights conveyed herein.

1.9 "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or
  structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications. When
  Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is:

A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original
Code or previous Modifications.

B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous
Modifications.

1.10 "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code which is
  described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code,
  and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already
  Covered Code governed by this License.

1.10.1 "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter
     acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus
     claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.

1.11 "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making
  modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated
  interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and
  installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against
  either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the
  Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form,
  provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely
  available for no charge.

1.12 "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
  under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future
  version of this License issued under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You"
  includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common
  control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the
  power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
  entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty
  percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such
  entity.

2. Source Code License.

2.1 The Initial Developer Grant.

The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims:

(a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark)
Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform,
sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or
without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and

(b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original
Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or
otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof).

(c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the
date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this
License.

(d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for
code that You delete from the Original Code; 2) separate from the Original Code;
or 3) for infringements caused by: i) the modification of the Original Code or
ii) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.

2.2 Contributor Grant.

Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby
grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license

(a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark)
Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform,
sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or
portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as
Covered Code and/or as part of a Larger Work; and

(b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of
Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with
its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell,
offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by
that Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of Modifications
made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such
combination).

(c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are effective on the date
Contributor first makes Commercial Use of the Covered Code.

(d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for
any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; 2) separate
from the Contributor Version; 3) for infringements caused by: i) third party
modifications of Contributor Version or ii) the combination of Modifications
made by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the Contributor
Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Code
in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor.

3. Distribution Obligations.

3.1 Application of License.

The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by
the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2. The Source
Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this
License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You
must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You
distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version
that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the
recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include an additional document
offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5.

3.2 Availability of Source Code.

Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made
available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same
media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution
Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if
made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for
at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at
least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification
has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for ensuring
that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic
Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.

3.3 Description of Modifications.

You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a file
documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any
change. You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived,
directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and
including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in
any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You
describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code.

3.4 Intellectual Property Matters

(a) Third Party Claims.

If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's intellectual
property rights is required to exercise the rights granted by such Contributor
under Sections 2.1 or 2.2, Contributor must include a text file with the Source
Code distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the party making
the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact. If
Contributor obtains such knowledge after the Modification is made available as
described in Section 3.2, Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in
all copies Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps
(such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably
calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has
been obtained.

(b) Contributor APIs.

If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming interface and
Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which are reasonably necessary to
implement that API, Contributor must also include this information in the LEGAL
file.

(c) Representations.

Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to Section 3.4(a)
above, Contributor believes that Contributor's Modifications are Contributor's
original creation(s) and/or Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the
rights conveyed by this License.

3.5 Required Notices.

You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code. If
it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to
its structure, then You must include such notice in a location (such as a
relevant directory) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice. If
You created one or more Modification(s) You may add your name as a Contributor
to the notice described in Exhibit A. You must also duplicate this License in
any documentation for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or
ownership rights relating to Covered Code. You may choose to offer, and to
charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one
or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You may do so only on Your own
behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must
make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability
obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the
Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the
Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support,
indemnity or liability terms You offer.

3.6 Distribution of Executable Versions.

You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of
Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice
stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the
terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have
fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously
included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or
collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered
Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code or ownership
rights under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from
this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License
and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or
alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set
forth in this License. If You distribute the Executable version under a
different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ
from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer,
Original Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial
Developer, Original Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred
by the Initial Developer, Original Developer or such Contributor as a result of
any such terms You offer.

3.7 Larger Works.

You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not
governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single
product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are
fulfilled for the Covered Code.

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.

If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with
respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute, judicial order, or
regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the
maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they
affect. Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section
3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to
the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be
sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand
it.

5. Application of this License.

This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the
notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.

6. Versions of the License.

6.1 New Versions.

reddit Inc. ("reddit") may publish revised and/or new versions of the
License from time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version
number.

6.2 Effect of New Versions.

Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License,
You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version. You may also
choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the
License published by reddit. No one other than reddit has the right to
modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License.

6.3 Derivative Works.

If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do
in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this
License), You must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases "reddit",
"CPAL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your license (except
to note that your license differs from this License) and (b) otherwise make it
clear that Your version of the license contains terms which differ from the
CPAL. (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Developer,
Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of
themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.)

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE,
FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE
PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ORIGINAL
DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART
OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER
THIS DISCLAIMER.

8. TERMINATION.

8.1 This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically
  if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30
  days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses to the Covered Code
  which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this
  License. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the
  termination of this License shall survive.

8.2 If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement claim
  (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer, Original
  Developer or a Contributor (the Initial Developer, Original Developer or
  Contributor against whom You file such action is referred to as "Participant")
  alleging that:

(a) such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any
patent, then any and all rights granted by such Participant to You under
Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License shall, upon 60 days notice from
Participant terminate prospectively, unless if within 60 days after receipt of
notice You either: (i) agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable
reasonable royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such
Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to the
Contributor Version against such Participant. If within 60 days of notice, a
reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not mutually agreed upon in
writing by the parties or the litigation claim is not withdrawn, the rights
granted by Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically
terminate at the expiration of the 60 day notice period specified above.

(b) any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's Contributor
Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any rights granted to
You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b) and 2.2(b) are revoked effective
as of the date You first made, used, sold, distributed, or had made,
Modifications made by that Participant.

8.3 If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant alleging that
  such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any
  patent where such claim is resolved (such as by license or settlement) prior
  to the initiation of patent infringement litigation, then the reasonable value
  of the licenses granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be
  taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or
  license.

8.4 In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above, all end user
  license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers) which have been
  validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination shall
  survive termination.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ORIGINAL
DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY
SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER
FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN
IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL
INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW
PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.

The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48
C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in 48
C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users
acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter
hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such
provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable. This License shall be governed by California law provisions (except
to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its
conflict-of-law provisions. With respect to disputes in which at least one party
is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the
United States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be
subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of
California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing
party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract
shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.

12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.

As between Initial Developer, Original Developer and the Contributors, each
party is responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly, out
of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with
Initial Developer, Original Developer and Contributors to distribute such
responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or shall be
deemed to constitute any admission of liability.

13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.

Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as
Multiple-Licensed. Multiple-Licensed means that the Initial Developer permits
you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under Your choice of the CPAL or the
alternative licenses, if any, specified by the Initial Developer in the file
described in Exhibit A.

14. ADDITIONAL TERM: ATTRIBUTION

(a) As a modest attribution to the organizer of the development of the Original
Code ("Original Developer"), in the hope that its promotional value may help
justify the time, money and effort invested in writing the Original Code, the
Original Developer may include in Exhibit B ("Attribution Information") a
requirement that each time an Executable and Source Code or a Larger Work is
launched or initially run (which includes initiating a session), a prominent
display of the Original Developer's Attribution Information (as defined below)
must occur on the graphic user interface employed by the end user to access such
Covered Code (which may include display on a splash screen), if any. The size of
the graphic image should be consistent with the size of the other elements of
the Attribution Information. If the access by the end user to the Executable and
Source Code does not create a graphic user interface for access to the Covered
Code, this obligation shall not apply. If the Original Code displays such
Attribution Information in a particular form (such as in the form of a splash
screen, notice at login, an "about" display, or dedicated attribution area on
user interface screens), continued use of such form for that Attribution
Information is one way of meeting this requirement for notice.

(b) Attribution information may only include a copyright notice, a brief phrase,
graphic image and a URL ("Attribution Information") and is subject to the
Attribution Limits as defined below. For these purposes, prominent shall mean
display for sufficient duration to give reasonable notice to the user of the
identity of the Original Developer and that if You include Attribution
Information or similar information for other parties, You must ensure that the
Attribution Information for the Original Developer shall be no less prominent
than such Attribution Information or similar information for the other
party. For greater certainty, the Original Developer may choose to specify in
Exhibit B below that the above attribution requirement only applies to an
Executable and Source Code resulting from the Original Code or any Modification,
but not a Larger Work. The intent is to provide for reasonably modest
attribution, therefore the Original Developer cannot require that You display,
at any time, more than the following information as Attribution Information: (a)
a copyright notice including the name of the Original Developer; (b) a word or
one phrase (not exceeding 10 words); (c) one graphic image provided by the
Original Developer; and (d) a URL (collectively, the "Attribution Limits").

(c) If Exhibit B does not include any Attribution Information, then there are no
requirements for You to display any Attribution Information of the Original
Developer.

(d) You acknowledge that all trademarks, service marks and/or trade names
contained within the Attribution Information distributed with the Covered Code
are the exclusive property of their owners and may only be used with the
permission of their owners, or under circumstances otherwise permitted by law or
as expressly set out in this License.

15. ADDITIONAL TERM: NETWORK USE.

The term "External Deployment" means the use, distribution, or communication of
the Original Code or Modifications in any way such that the Original Code or
Modifications may be used by anyone other than You, whether those works are
distributed or communicated to those persons or made available as an application
intended for use over a network. As an express condition for the grants of
license hereunder, You must treat any External Deployment by You of the Original
Code or Modifications as a distribution under section 3.1 and make Source Code
available under Section 3.2.

EXHIBIT A. Common Public Attribution License Version 1.0.

"The contents of this file are subject to the Common Public Attribution License
Version 1.0. (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://code.reddit.com/LICENSE. The License is based on the Mozilla Public
License Version 1.1, but Sections 14 and 15 have been added to cover use of
software over a computer network and provide for limited attribution for the
Original Developer. In addition, Exhibit A has been modified to be consistent
with Exhibit B.

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.

The Original Code is reddit.

The Original Developer is the Initial Developer.  The Initial Developer of the
Original Code is reddit Inc.

All portions of the code written by reddit are Copyright (c) 2006-2015
reddit Inc. All Rights Reserved.

EXHIBIT B. Attribution Information

Attribution Copyright Notice: Copyright (c) 2006-2015 reddit Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

Attribution Phrase (not exceeding 10 words): Powered by reddit

Attribution URL: http://code.reddit.com

Graphic Image as provided in the Covered Code:
http://code.reddit.com/reddit_logo.png

Display of Attribution Information is required in Larger Works which are defined
in the CPAL as a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code
not governed by the terms of the CPAL.
